Added information around using YAML anchors (#1968)
buildkite/docs: pages/plugins/using.md

## Configuring plugins

> Plugins are configured using attributes on steps in your pipeline YAML definition. While you can't define plugins at a pipeline level, you can use [YAML anchors](/docs/plugins/using#using-yaml-anchors-with-plugins) to avoid repeating the plugin code over multiple steps. The simplest plugin is one that accepts no configuration, such as the [Library Example plugin](https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/library-example-buildkite-plugin):

Reviewer: Need to add a blank line to fix how this displays:

<img width="858" alt="Screenshot 2023-04-04 at 4 47 54 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/119824349/229689571-32775787-bd29-40ce-9659-e4e0dbaa59a6.png">

```suggestion
Plugins are configured using attributes on steps in your pipeline YAML definition. While you can't define plugins at a pipeline level, you can use [YAML anchors](/docs/plugins/using#using-yaml-anchors-with-plugins) to avoid repeating the plugin code over multiple steps. The simplest plugin is one that accepts no configuration, such as the [Library Example plugin](https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/library-example-buildkite-plugin):

```

> Plugins are configured using attributes on steps in your pipeline YAML configuration. While you can't define plugins at a pipeline level, you can use [YAML anchors](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/pull/1968#using-yaml-anchors-with-plugins) to avoid repeating the plugin code over multiple steps. The simplest plugin is one that accepts no configuration, such as the [Library Example plugin](https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/library-example-buildkite-plugin):

Reviewer: Mainly the docs link that needs updating, but while we're here, let's avoid the repetition in the first sentence:

```suggestion
Plugins are configured using attributes on steps in your pipeline YAML definition. While you can't define plugins at a pipeline level, you can use [YAML anchors](/docs/plugins/using#using-yaml-anchors-with-plugins) to avoid repeating the plugin code over multiple steps. The simplest plugin is one that accepts no configuration, such as the [Library Example plugin](https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/library-example-buildkite-plugin):
```

See each plugin's readme for a list of which options are available.

## Using YAML anchors with plugins

> YAML anchors allow you to identify an item with an anchor, also known as an alias. They allow us to then reference this azlias whenever we want to refer to the *thing* they are an alias for. The following example removes the need to repeat the plugin configuration on each individual step, provided the desired configuration is the same.

Reviewer: Some general tightening:

```suggestion
YAML anchors enable you to identify an item with an anchor, also known as an _alias_. You can then reference the anchor when referring to that item. 

The following example uses a YAML anchor (`docker`) to remove the need to repeat the same plugin configuration on each step:
```
